blasphemy perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
[Music] intoxication perfume [Music]
intoxication perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
intoxication music of the Antichrist Ballad of the root Cutters ballerina
come to see you fos with love Athena Adrena chrom to your do and end the war
I'm vying for peace all things hidden will be revealed I'm Freddy Krueger with
the purple stone hail Satan Medusa's home I'm in the Twilight zoning Roots I
cut and grow them death B you to it take two hits and hold it the wi she keep you
loaded so good they want my M it I spit Dragon venom through held into the
Heavens h fire is purple I'm with the ashy Ashman where the horses ride flying
through the night I'm here for the promises you feel all right it's a
policy she keeps it tight got the costume on all night I'm with the
fumigation company perfume and [Music] toxication perfume intoxication
perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
[Music] intoxication welcome back to Lady
Babylon this is the bed of the Muse on a Sunday night thank you for joining me
it's my very great pleasure before we start I want to send a shout out to all
of us who have lost comp companions on this
route yeah tonight we're going to be talking about hacky we're going to be talking about hacky and her Hound her
wolf her black gorgeous beautiful wolf a shout out to all those who
mourn giving what do I want to do tonight I'm going to give you a warning before we
start because this is the most
radioactive blasphemy in existence
this is stuff that will burn through the
quantum reality are you ready
nobody has ever ever ever trans
this nobody has ever translated this and you are getting it
exclusively exclusively tonight you've got a ticket
to see the something that nobody nobody has seen now what is it
we're gonna see it is the deepest most radioactive
blasphemy oh my God I can't wait when I oh God you know this is this is fresh
this is Fresh Off The Muse and I am telling you we're gonna bring up a ghost tonight where's that
whip we're gonna bring up a ghost tonight we're gonna work that ghost out
and we are going to look at something that is going to make you all sick to
the stomach oh oh
christing ah you wanted to see what christing was let's look at what christing is here we come where is he
where is he come here gayen come here get over here it it come here this is show us
show us chewy blast them blast everybody blow them off the page go look at people
look at what I'm talking about tonight I'm talking 1826 this thing is out it's published in
1826 when John Quincy Adams was President of the United States oh what a
year this is volume 12 of all the works of Galen nobody has touched this thing
this is right in the middle of the pristine well of life that is the
collected works of Galen it's right in the middle of it it's just hiding there
and what this is I'm going to show you let's pull it out gayen tell me gayen what you want to talk about tonight look
at this people this is his work on the simple
drugs their balances and their
capacities okay we're talking about simple drugs right I told you I'm going to show you the Christ like you've never
seen it and this has never been opened before today give it to me this is fresh
this is fresh stuff oh God I'm going to just go through look people I'm going to
translate it but I'm going to warn you again this is rough are you ready so what do Galen say
chewy can we readjust here we readjust the console here to get us going okay
look people he says I've been talking about some things that they do with some bodily fluid IDs yeah but these things
aren't really forbidden they don't really have a
pollution value right but now what I'm going to talk about because
I talked about that before now what I'm going to talk about is plenty that are
you ready um this is gayen he says hey this drink of sweat and the drink of
urine and the drink of the woman's minstral
flow these things are G and
loome gives me a right that's what the word means I'm just translating the word
for you makes you loome the drinking of it wait a minute Kaylen are you talking
are you talking about oh okay I won't I won't let him let's let him go on people
don't interrupt gayen right and what's he say the worst one of all of these is
the Coos what's the Coos that is translated
as feces the feces which they Christ
themselves with around the mouth and down the
throat xenocrates says it gets in the stomach and it causes certain
problems Chris thing we're going to look at it I'm going to show it to you in just a minute and it
results in the compros the poy getting around your
mouth and down into your throat remember he's just been telling
us about body fluids he's going to go on and on and on about blood and about
bile he's talking now about poop and christing
yourself with poop how do you get christed with poop you didn't know that
Christ had something to do with the application of feces to your mouth and and throat did you how do you think they
got it there are you ready I'm told you tonight people I told you tonight all the gloves are off this is dedicated to
my companion and she was such a fierce German Shepherd she wouldn't have sto
for anything to do what was right I know it's
extremely extremely uncomfortable to look at the actual evidence that we have
when you get in that ship and you go back in time and you're sitting there watching them do these things it's
difficult please those of you who have not been part of the congregation for
long realize your nausea medicine will kick
in shortly fantastic fantastic let's go for it I'm
gonna keep translating it go back I got to keep translating it okay gayen give me give me some more
buddy give me some more kayen oh I love this are you ready so um he says look
you know I can't uh wait uh xenocrates wrote about it you know what I mean um
and he wrote about what it does he even wrote about drinking ear
wax drinking ear wax right I told you these people are into a lot of things
now did you know they drank ear wax it's a medicine people what else did he write about he said gayen said I don't know he
said I don't know man if I'm going to recommend it right because you know for any kind
of disease but you know there's very much one I think that's the worst of all
of them these body fluid medicines that they're using and that's the poop gayen he's got something against
poop right and he says look what's the it's the greatest uh it's the greatest
hardship or trouble causer um for people who understand for
people who know right who's we know about the coprofagia we know about eating poop we
know about the isra uron we know about the doing those doing the sexual acts
that we're not going to talk about and being the kitis we know about the
kitis we know kitis does the kitis remembering cek is the one who presents
his buttocks in a
dance okay gayen is saying we know everything that's going on right but
this thing is the this thing is rather bad you know what I mean um but despite
that there's one even worse it's those people
who were doing the lesbian thing while they are doing The Phoenician
thing wait let me get this straight and this is right here I'll just read
two right those people the worst thing is the medically the worst thing is is
the people who are doing The Phoenician um among uh from the group that does the
lesbian thing do yeah yeah we'll take a look at
some of these words okay and um uh uh okay gayen thank you very much and what
happens he says look there's a there appears to me even the some Advantage
for the one who drinks minra fluid right
right okay then he goes into discussion of trying it and stuff like that look
the very last two lines in the bottom they say but look there's one there's one that is just fraking gross and
that's when people do what when they Christ parts of their
body with
poop gayen what kind of parties are you
hanging out at well that's not as bad right I can understand even the eating
of the Seaman says gayen the male seed I can understand that it's the one where
we Christ with poop that really bothers me now wait I'm going to finish up here
with the my with the the Canon the nuclear weapon are you ready it's about
to detonate hit the next one you okay people hold on right so this other guy's
an es he's writing about these things right he's differentiating very carefully between the
penis that is christed and its advantages between that one because
that's what you're GNA get on your mouth and on your throat he's distinguishing between that one and the one that you
have in Intercourse between male and female when the penis slips out from the
C Paul what is it covered
with right so this is all christing if
you just look what we'll look at christing terms here's a look at the third line down
Kos right what is he talking about that's being christed he's talking about somebody's private part which say gonos
right that's nice let's just say that you're gonos look I'm teaching you Greek your gonos has been
christed and the stuff that's on your there is going to end up on your stalma and in your
F so here's the advantages and disadvantages and here's the antidotes to clear that stuff
[Music] up give me the next one because it's different right it's different last one
here go hit it yep there it is blow it up oh God here we go all right gayen
give me me one more just give me one more goodie right give me one more goodie look he says gayen you know um
urine that you drink has a certain power you know what I mean and yeah and um you
can drink it and you can be christed with it right you can Christ it all over
the parts of your mouth you can use poop
too okay are you ready are you ready so when Jesus Christ is
around the word Christ means something and I am showing you what it
means give me the next one give me the next one oh yes no oh oh it's so heavy
it's so heavy tonight these text was heavy people just hold on with me hold on with me oh Lord Jesus Christ
please please hang around with us for as long as you can as long as we can
stomach hit us with the next one that's all I can take get them off okay look what we're talking about people
posis de a drink of your sweat the sweat is
also the stuff that's all over your B right when you take a sweat bath you know what I mean you get all that you're
like H what is this stuff you can bottle that stuff right we're talking about the
effects of it and he's like this is what you use it for and blah blah hooa hit me the next
one boom ah what else we're talking about the drink of uru of uron your
urine okay I just want you to know they're drinking urine the same people
who were putting poop on their bodies you know a come on
grow up anthropologically people come on look at what they're doing they're using
the urine give me the next one and what else what else the Kat of the
gaios right the monthly running the monthly running and I'll
show you what they thought the monthly running was remember this is a this is a
world that respects science right no who else who else in the world do you think
has such a an art dedicated to phys theology at the time oh
nobody why because you need language your history is not you it's your
language developing you're just a freaking ant yeah love it love it give me the
next what else are we talking about um we're talking about this says the one who drinks the
menes this is a specific person a menes drinker
a meny drinker now remember that's not that's not necessarily a bad thing
physiologically right okay let's see what the next one is according to gayen
you be [Music] quiet give me the next one what is that
what is that con Manion look at this people it's your monthly wages you earned
it cathares it's what it's your C Nares
and then they put Hima it's the blood look at number two what is it that we're
drinking look at number two at the bottom the Menses of women right it's
just from the concept of the monthly thing the
monthly activity the the moon's
influence love it 28 days you got to love that the science is so it's like a
bunch of nerds got together made democracy give me the next one what is
that catharsis then that women undergo it's a purification it's a
clarification look at number two medically what is it's the clearing off of morbid humors an evacuation whether
natural or by the use of drugs and are they using drugs to regulate their
ministration yes it turns out you're supposed
to isn't that funny isn't that funny there's a whole world of plant and
animal products out there that will tune you up yeah maximize your
greatness I love that turn you into a vampire man nobody will stop you nobody
will stop you we got to read those texts too up and down the flow dialing in and out out that's why they're going out at
midnight they're all get naked and oiled up and they go out at midnight just like those boys who are
being initiated by the Christian church in the kakisis performance
kesis that that's they end up um naked stripped and oiled the priests oil them
and they tell the children do not be afraid Christ himself was naked on the
cross yes okay um did they understand did the early church understand what
Jesus was doing you better believe it or origin wouldn't had to cut off his
testicles did you know that there's a Christian hero who cut off his own testicles when everybody else was
getting arrested for oh I can't say that word on YouTube
for doing things children yeah check it out early church
history it's pretty disgusting let's keep going let's keep going oh I can
feel saffy this feels good I like this um what else are we talking about we got you got to realize we're talking about
something that's a and something that's right so gayen is talking in
terms of those things that are impure those things that are unpurged those things that are
abominable right that caused the reaction to step back right
okay fantastic give me the next one give me the next one why is this all important because do you remember in
this tiny tiny tiny message to you do you remember the musterion the mystery
it's all about Babylon the great she's the mother of those prostitutes and of
their delug M the Earth's
pollution the thing that we're talking about that is what is in her
cup okay if you just felt a profound connection to the nature that is these
plants and animal substances and the moon cycle if you just felt that that
that is what Christianity Judaism Islam it's what they close it's an Oculus that
they close off so that you don't have a connection with her and who's the she
that I'm talking about I'm talking about hecky I'm talking about she who makes
magic I love it I love it absolutely love it
but let's go back we got to go back into the christing just a little bit more I
just want to keep showing you because people you know how it is what's going to happen um lady Babylon look at the
second line she has a cup that's gold and in this cup where she holds in her
hand is the
Tas it is the pollution that which is UN clean which is in her cup it's the
uncleanness of her pora that pora is a sexual
activity the cup that gives you ionic
life is her
porna you mean Jesus and the mouth and the throat
you mean all of that I could have done the other one who
told us to come here right who told us I told you people never go to a
monest paradise never go to a religious monest anything I don't care if it's an
ice cream social shame on you
congregation Satan that's one for you you that's one for you everybody I hope
you felt that I hope you felt that now let's get back in line get back in shape
here what she got she's got that cup right and what's what's happening now
okay you know I'm sorry to Spring this on you satanic congregation I'm sorry to Spring this on you I should have told
you I was going to do this beforehand but I brought you something tonight I did I brought a gift I brought a gift
it's the Fulfillment of Prophecy it's the completion you are the ones now who are
being written about are you ready are you ready the people
who inhabit the Earth will be amazed they'll be amazed when they see
the Beast the one that was and is not but will
be this thec is not currently in use people ask
me all the time do you think do you think it's being used I know it's not I know it's not I have slogged through
through the miles and miles of wilderness to get to this point where
Christ is putting poop on people nobody has been here I can tell
you that this Muse is a Virgin Spring oh God and tonight
you are seeing her and what happens when the people of the world see that
Beast bring it back tell us what happens when they see it oh give it to us chewy
I want them to get it literally they see it for what it was
when it used to function what it is now that it does not
exist and what it will be when it begins again
we are at that point in history and you are the people of the
earth oh I love this I love this it's
gorgeous give me the next one give me the next one look people now I brought you some Pope [__] because that's
another thing we have to figure we have to factor into all this I know I know it's gross but if you talk about Chris
thing you got to talk about poop why why do you think how do you think
you get it on your mouth and down your throat don't you think it's funny that
gayen who is the physician is talking about people who've gotten poop plus stuff off
of bodies in their throats drugs we're drug users right all these people are
freaking drug users it's natural
man so what do you do with the poop give me the next one chewy we're going to the poop planet um you become one of these
you become a COO fagon become a poop eater right when you're with the lace St
Jesus Christ you become a
cagon you have to right you could put swallow here
instead of eat and it would be just as accurate you're a poop
swallower do you understand you are not christed if you're
not makes you wonder give me the next one give me the next one how do we stay
on Disney we die a Christ someone we die of Christ look people here's I'm I'm
bringing you a new species you know this isn't even cataloged in um the uh
Liddell Scott the Alice right right the Oxford the Oxford uh masterful lexicon
of ancient Greek this isn't there you're GNA you're G to spend a long time finding it right there's no definition
for this this is a new species that's how Greek is there are so many words
look they think they're 1.7 million here here's 1.7 million in
one right oh God what does this mean it means to die a chist someone look what
you get to benefit from satanic congregation nobody no monest out there no Jew no Christian no muslim has ever
heard of this word ever ever you get it people of the earth you get it to di
someone what do you dicr them with oh give me the next
one this is the person who's getting died
[Music] it's a kitis it's a kitis you know what the
kitis is it's a little dance it's a little dance you do causes your bottom
to flop around causes your bottom flop around that's a kitis that's a kitis and
he's the one getting christed everybody wondered about Jesus
and the sexuality give me the next one Kata here's another one here's the another the second I didn't bring you
one oh this one's for me you're so you're so good I love
that selfmaster is what I am showing you now
I just made up a word because I know the Greek Roots right um he's Auto
masticatory what I suppose um only on a Sunday in the
better of the mus K th what is this one here's the new species to Kio something that's an
intensifier that Kata that means to really spread the poop
good anybody getting a little bit right you mean suppose you got to be
there you had to be there right for all this Christian stuff hit me the next one let's go look what's happening people
now for those of you who don't believe me I know there's going to be someone out there even though I put this up this
is for that dude hey guy um you were sitting out there I know you're thinking
this you're going to be like I'm going to write him an email and I'm going to
ask him where's your Source you're looking at it you're
looking at it are you ready we're talking about people who are really
really really christing parts of their mouth with
[Music] poop how do you get like
totally poop mouthed in Antiquity how do you get poop mouth
dude's got poop mouth you know what I mean if I I'm sorry don't don't be scientific
about this yeah yeah I don't have 18 shirts like
this no um how do you deal with somebody who's um poop mouthed right who's been
christed um what's wrong with that what's wrong with that guy over there
he's all you know he's christed on his mouth um this is application people
right you're applying you're using that applicator that alabastron whether it's human whether it's flesh or not eat my
flesh right sorry that was Jesus Eat My
Flesh and drink my blood remember that was the game gay is just describing the
medicine and what happens you know you got to be christed with the poopies and
then and then what the worst thing is those people doing The Phoenician thing
who are also doing the lesbian thing and when I said lesbian I you know what I mean from Lesbos
right what is lesb what does this word mean people know Lesbos is an island
people remember that let's all go to Lesbos someday give me the next one what is Lesbos or what does it mean to be to
lesbiano someone it says do like the lesbian women thank you we knew that or
Latin f f no it's the wrong song it's the wrong
term cuz this one is the word we use in English when we say
felacio yes this is to perform felatio now he's saying the the most
medically questionable are the people who are involved in
fellacio who are also doing The Phoenician and what is the Phoenician
thing they're doing what is the Phoenician well that's an that's to imitate the
Phoenicians well how so oh well you know Victorian Alfred tells us it's unnatural
Vice unnatural Vice so I see this is somebody who is
performing fellatio upon
that popy finian
Dragon yeah that's exactly what he's saying so
that one medically is the most you know if you're christing in this way people
you know they used to tell us when I was you know youthful they used to say um
you know watch out for HIV that was back when Dr fouchy I was
reading his papers in graduate school shout out to Dr fouchy I read your papers bro and the things that you did
to make progress in HIV uh research and acceptance of not shunning people with a
disease that was you know um you got cred man you got cred in the under you
got cred definitely Hil Satan um let's go to the let's go to the uh oh look at
this we're getting some comments I love that love that flash those up there to make sure you get the good ones right um
yep let's go to the next one um here's the forx we knew that you know here's the purple I just wanted you to see the
purple we got purple women you know what I mean The Phoenician women that we talk about
keep going that wasn't really relevant um I wanted to move are we oh here's
Homer Homer look people I just want to show you end of the first line look at the second and last word FY I just want
you to see this purple stuff it's in the oldest documents that we've got right so when you see them dying
things um in say Homer like they like to dye uh halters for horses they like to
dye um belts belts were a big thing aphrodite has this gorgeous beautiful
belt so stained with purple she's been baptized with purple oh God who wants
that who wants that raise your hand if you want Aphrodite cestus please
please it's got the purple we got it going right galen's you know this is old old
old right this Tech this Tech is ancient to them so um they would look at you
funny you know for not knowing it uh right with the with the ocular christing
here she is right that that archeress who so is devastating to the Civilized
world because she can Gallop shoot backwards while she's Galloping it's terrible poison that they've got look at
her she is rocked on that stuff right I so by the time Gay's R this is old so
don't be surprised he's like look if you've been christing if you've been christing in your
mouth um this is the this is what you're going to have to consider right he's
just being a good doctor for the things that are being done in society if people
were christing in the mouth now right you know they would be given
different advice right but the Christ thing is there right the christing is
the application are you telling me Christ is the application of a drug yes
and in this case it's the application of a drug that is mixed with
feces from you having performed activities on a kitis in the dance of
your religion yeah let's go to the next one
let's go to the next one people are still like oh God I don't know what which ways up what about this doing this
Phoenician thing right what about doing this Phoenician thing well there's something called a school loock this is
from this is the ancient lexicon we're looking at now the school loocks most people translate this is dog or puppy
it's generally puppy um he he says the schoolo is a type of
aphrodesiac just like that which is used by the Phoenicians now he doesn't say the
Phoenicians here he says by those who are doing The Phoenician
thing like the dogs of Heracles yes yes believe it or not believe it or
not Christ me baby right right okay let's see let's
see where this goes let's see where it goes hit me with the next one I want to give to you I want to give to you um we
just had puppy oh look at the second to the last line the second word ends
SK SK remember everybody in Greek you're practicing right you say it after me and
they had an excellent session lab yesterday was good it was good thank you everybody who showed up and all the Tas
that are working um remember you can Avail yourself of that every Saturday at
12 Central you can go there right and uh ask questions love it oh God it's a good
have a good time look people let me bring us to the to the origin of
everything that we've been talking about all of this magic look at the connection here with the skulan this is what you
call hecky this is what you call her she's
that one who is associated with that afrc I thought it was
puppies yes and that's why your that's why your patreon
blows right because your evidence is garbage because you don't read the text
who are we talking about we're talking about hecy let me just read this to you let just translate it to you right I
call upon hacky of the way she whose way is divided into three parts the desired
one the Uranian one the konian one and the one who comes from the sea she wears
that peplos that is crocus colored she wears
it she's the one who hangs around in the tombs she's the one who becomes Metabo
do you know anybody like this she becomes Metabo with the souls of the Dead have
you ever known someone you can root around for images have you ever known someone
um who has brought you to the place where you are
metaboric with the dead have you ever been there I'm asking
you seriously satanic congregation have you ever danced with the
dead have you ever well they did and she is the one who leads the
dance do you understand do you have ears to [Music]
hear she's the one who leads that dance this
mystery is ancient religion this thing
birthed Judaism Christianity it birthed
them yeah
right she is the one behind the
cup fantastic now you know why they called the medwa the one who knew all the drugs
they said she was the daughter of hecky the daughter of
hecky let that sink in let it sink in for a minute you begin to understand
remember think of it anthropologically let it sink in love it
oh God give me give me the this the again and what else is she look she's
got power in all all three Realms the weird thing about hacky is that the Zeus
said hey she has to have total power in all three Realms right she has to
control what's here what's up and what's down she has to control the air the earth and the water right she has to
possess that um all of those Realms right now now you know why she
can get bakic with the dead right okay
what else does she love She's the daughter of Percy and she loves the void
have you been into the void satanic congregation have you been there do you have the star in your hand have you
jumped into that void she's the guide in the void yeah isn't that amazing isn't that
amazing who wait a minute wait a minute I know that when you go into the void in Antiquity the Adon when you go into it
that you're meeting the devil you're meeting Satan didn't you think this was
Satan did you think you were getting anywhere out of the garden did you think
seriously yeah that's her
okay okay right are they picking it up yeah I think they I think they're getting it and we're ready to transmit
beautiful okay here we go people what else is she she is that one who is of
the night she is the one who is of that aphrodesiac that we use when we
Fido okay she is that inescapable bossy
Lea she is the one who makes that thec Rumble you know the Thunder that
you get out of the cup can you imagine getting thunder out of a cup oh you you say oh that's silly uh you haven't had
the cup yeah she's the one who brings it give me the next
one what else is hacka now remember all of you just if you go Wikipedia hack
you're gonna find the biggest bunch of well it may have good stuff on there about her you know see if they talk
about sources or whatnot but if you want to go out there and search for hacky you're going to find the most ridiculous
put take off the goth stuff come on what a ridiculous she's also the too
poon now people will translate that as bull herder bull herter well that makes
sense she dances with ghosts and she herds Bulls remember what that towos is I
taught you last time that towos is that
genitalia right she's the one who Masters that
bull okay and she's a nymph she's a nymph yes and she's a
leader and she's a nourisher of the children because you know what the one
law is that none of us ever ever question you know what that one oh I
didn't tell you guys that yeah the one thing the universe never questions
is the value of nourishing children she is the child
nourisher if you cannot stand before she who nourishes
children if you can't stand before her because of who you are or what you've
done you got no place you got no place with us
right do you see where Jesus took a little tiny step over the line he
just took a little tiny step oh God you're going to scandalize me you're gonna scandalize me oh stop you're gonna
scandalize me shut up Jesus continue christing that kid you
freak give me the next one give me the next one and so what happens this is just
she's a child nourisher you know what I mean we pray to her as the Kora
right and all of us who have been initiated right that's all part of the deal give me the next one um I just
wanted you to see here now hus when you pull him up and say hey hus tell us what
is the hekate anyway what is that hante anyway he says it's aulon aulon is a
steak it can be just a piece of wood but here it's a piece of wood that they tie
or bind somebody who's guilty who's done bad things they tie him to it and then
they beat him they beat him do you like that so what is the hack the heck is
what you get with Justice baby that's what you get you do something bad to a kid we're GNA put you put a tie you to a
steak and we're gonna beat you we're GNA beat you and whip
you oh wow that's fantastic doesn't that
now now people come on can't you feel good about that that is satanic Justice baby you don't get that kind of Justice
from any other Kingdom that belongs to Satan baby right there oh God don't you
love that who wants to go I want to go is that part of the cult after the vision thing do we all get to beat up uh
freaks um yeah I you know let's go for it baby right love it oh give me the
next one give me the next one oh no we're done give me after that here Boop
and next one boom now hack they'll tell you is also the throwing no that's okay
J don't worry it's the throwing Henry Cil still loves you um it's the throwing
of the javelin or the hurling of a bolt of some sort like an arrow what do you
call hecky they call emis hecky
why because she is that eoa the porer of poison
arrows the poor of poison arrows you mean hecky is
this Divinity yes hecky is that one who
shoots that bow she is the one who oh
God you know what she you know who walks around with her whole bunch of black black wolves odys was so scared once why
is that because Cersei right remember odys has been held
for seven years by one woman named Calypso and then he gets captured by another woman which was probably just a
trade to start with I'll bet you that's what it was originally it's just a trade but he ends up with another woman as her
sex slave right and um what happens in the process what happens in the process
well he whines and complains he cries on the beach he sits and cries on the beach right this is the Bronze Age man right
you mean he wasn't I'm a man no he wasn't he wasn't tanning his testicles
either no he was being held captive by a woman and crying a lot she abused him
and pumped him full of drugs man right what a world what a world and what
did Cersei teach him she said you want to go to the underworld and he was like yeah I do I want to see Mone daddy right
or whatever whoever it was that he was going his dad's still alive at that point but whoever it was was it ailles
or someone oh Agamemnon right oh God right because when he got back he got
killed by another woman who was called the dragon Priestess did you know that
his wife was called the dragon Priestess who in their right mind would mess
around on somebody called the Dragon
Priestess seriously he had it coming he came back with this Priestess that he
abducted and was I can't use the RW yeah and he's got her with him so
guess what the dragon Queen bashed his head in while he was taking bath she
buried knacks in his brain after putting wrapping him up in a net yeah
carpet isn't that funny I think it was purple I don't know go back and check somebody check
what the period is not what you think it is the world is not what you think it is
we live in a world that is heavily heavily heavily misogynist whether
people are throwing acid in the face of women or whether they're saying you got to walk 10 feet behind me or I'm going
to go in this section and you got to go sit up there because that's where all the people like you sit
right they weren't doing that then yeah there was something of power
there's a power in the femininity that's power that's what you find in
hecy right classical authors are known for saying you know hecky once a month all
the rich bastards right who don't deserve to hoard what they've got and starve
everybody else all the rich bastards have to go down to the shrines of hacky
and they have to leave food nice food too not these canned goods
garbage nice prepared meals
nice and you know who goes and picks them up it's all the poor people it's
all the poorest of the poor because that is what hecky does yeah you know that feminine goddess
you thought existed this is her this is her this is the ultimate and highest
enemy of Judaism Christianity and Islam and you know who can tell you that is
the people the people the women and the burkas who are starting to
fight that's who you can tell about that oh God tell the Philistine women too
tell them all love it give me the next one give me the next one got a little
patriotic there that yeah um look what's happening people what is
what comes out of the mouth of hecy she saysi tell you what I tell you I tell
you all things true imagine that imagine that a force
of nourishment a protector of the poor who only speaks the
truth do you see where Jesus had his model Jesus is not a madeup figure Jesus
is not a fictional character the people who are writing the New Testament are not trying to take Greek figures and
just slam them down from right from the literature right down into their own Works they're not doing that
Jesus is living in a system that venerates this
identity when he goes down to Egypt and he's got his trust fund comes back so
educated what do you think he was educated in yeah in the language of Greek that
this thing that this mystery the word mystery is a Greek word people right the
word Christ is a Greek word when are you gonna see it right Christ
Jesus is that hectic light when he says I'm the light of the world give me the
next one chewy give me the next next one I am the light of the world right watch you know where he's stealing that from
right you copr fasic next one next one um who is the who is the hack uh here's
a little section that media is talking about who hack is to her and she says
she lives within her inner chamber in the very most sacred Nooks of her inner
chamber ladies listen to me
the great queen says in the depths of her inner chamber dwells hecky I suspect
you'll understand that I suspect you will you know there's something
something earthy in that she's that power right and who does media go to for
that power as a matter of fact who is Media what is your title she is a priestess of hecky
she comes right out of your Hearth people right out of a woman's Hearth
comes hecky okay go give it to me next
one right out of her Hearth love it um and by the way you know palus is going
to tell us here you know the people from Aina remember Paul from Vina that physician we dealt with last week the
people from his hometown his Island what are they do they worship heck right and
they get they initiate people they create the initiates right once a year they have this festival and orus he says
Orpheus brought this worship to thce right calling it The Mystery right
calling it that initiation keep going right so we're right in the middle when
you look at the models that Jesus Christ used who is the light of the world hail
Satan Who is the the Morning Star right look at what look at what
hecky produces hecky produces a
fos what does she produce she produces images right images ghosts that are full
of light hectic light ghosts
hectic light fantasmagory
[Music] okay everything that the church based
its images of the and the light and the H is an attempt to reproduce a
hetic light making image oh love this stuff love this stuff
you didn't know that was magic did you of course it's magic what do you think how do you think you can actually generate this stuff if if you're not on
the aphrodisiacs go give me the next one we're almost we're almost uh finished
there here's oh God I just want to show us what you feeles afrodite is the last two words of the first line what is the
smile or laughter loving afrodite what does she say she's like look I don't see
any problem with what you're saying you know who you are baby you are the one
who guards that bed of the highest God
yeah you are the one that guards the bed of that highest God isn't that gorgeous
talking about ha think about that for a [Music]
minute what are you going to use in the process you're going to use some to
guard that bed you're going to use something that is of the air of the
earth and of the water you're going to have drugs do you want to know what the yunks
is it's drug to bring back someone who no longer desires you you mean you can
drug someone into Desiring you yes and they're doing it all the
time they're doing it all the time good give me the next one we're coming to the
close to the finish these are the things I wanted you to see that they're dying they're dying those straps and thongs
rains they say um good good good that's what they're dying this not a big deal
um but here's what you yell when you're in the middle of the process right the alatos is that loud shouting right it's
a cry of Victory it's the Hallelujah of the person who enters into
the hectic image it is the shout of the person
within the hectic [Music] image give me the next one
what are we talking about people we're talking about a
Christ who is staining parts of the mouth and
throat we're talking about a right that involves drugs that involves sex that
involves Enlightenment that involves opening the
mind and how that right changes and is contorted is changed and
everybody in here is I get tons of communications hey um what are you doing
both comments and um people talking on another Channel or something people talking about this I have no okay I
understand that Jesus is corrupting the right I understand that he is not acting
as a kurros I get that but he is achieving
the same outcome does that justify us for the first right look people you know
what that sounds like it sounds like you're being theological and I've got no interest in
that I don't care I don't care what the ramifications are we don't
care all we want is what they were doing we want the evidence we want to protect
those sources and we want that evidence that's all we want
it's G to lie like it's G to lie and if you're scared because of the implications just just
wait for the evidence it'll surface and you will love it and that's why people
um people I I feel like I can go to bed at night without worrying that I haven't
ripped off 900 people that I haven't taken anything from them and cause or
cause them to buy anything notice you have never had to purchase anything with the exception of those of you who have
bought the Greek textbook but I that's not mine right and a lot of you were
pirating it right sh don't tell don't tell anyone oh God the Publishers will
be knocking at the door hey what is this people keep pirating your book The Muse
the chemical Muse good good that's what I say I go out there and give him a
piece of my mind give me the next one um no that's the next one that's with the poopy he's covering with the poopies
keep hit me with the next one boom and that's the belt we don't need that give
me the one under that the final one I just want to leave you off with this um
there's a dude named OAS yeah yeah and he he gave that um
zosta that girdle that belt that was
shining with the purple big deal
I can buy a purple belt at Walmart right okay um has much greater
meaning to the people who were wrapped up in the culture and who are performing these actions when you see Galen talking
about people doing things like christing um somebody's mouth and throat with poop
you have to put yourself in the in the shoes of that civiliz ation you have to
respect at least respect the process if you don't understand what
they're using it or what you know what it's for um because that's not what we're here to do we're not here to to
say oh this is terrible I mean you can feel free like it makes me a little bit sick you know right it should but we're
not here to create a theology that purple belt is a thing of
value because of what it does not because it costs so much to
make because what it does that purple belt of
Aphrodite that contains the sting that creates
everything and hecy is the one who harnesses that power
in every realm okay I don't know what how to translate that into modern physics I
don't know what that how to say that that's how they're looking at it
you guys figure it out what corresponds to what I don't understand that is hecky she of the
black wolf thank you for coming tonight I want to say a couple of things please
if you get another chance look at some of the stuff my old boy who's doing the who's doing the pronunciation guides and
whatnot um look at that and everybody's having a problem with unit two keep reading keep reading don't worry don't
worry it's supposed to be tough right it's supposed to be tough but you can get through it and I'll show you how to do that um it is my honor and distinct
pleasure to have you at the bed of the Muse and I hope tonight that
despite the graphic nature of what's going on in
Antiquity that you you may have come to a place you where you
um can taste that history a little better and when you can do that you know yourself just a little bit just a little
bit now run out and tell all of your family and everybody you know what it means to
Christ somebody thank you for coming tonight hail Satan met a girl like you just give me a
taste of hot purple kiss me in the Smoke room sit the and archers of Doom spells
weaves carpets and looms media bellima my
Athena death of a creeper fashion gibbets for child
interferers sleep with the devil and then you will pay Sleep With the Devil
and you'll be taken away you must pay when you enter the gates of
Babylon for all that you did the wrong Lex's Rex I am being cash and checks
Darkness through dreams Purple Rain Athena doing a thing you can hear me
knocking at the door I'm in the purple suit selia here we go woles Spain thec flow
perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
[Music] intoxication perfume [Music]
intoxication perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
[Music] intoxication perfume intoxication